I'm really hot out and no one's outside
so I have some new particles can do a
bike check all right we'll start off
with the grips these are the animal
Edwin grips they're pretty nice and
these are the kink drive pc bar ends I'm
running the Odyssey aaron ross face bars
there are 28 inches wide and eight point
15 inch rise got the spine and grilled
salmon comes with a hollow bolts and
yeah that's pretty nice too um spotnik
integrated headset black label fork with
tapered legs and three-eighths dropouts
um my front tire is the Khe folding
street tire and my front wheel is the
Odyssey vendera to front hub lace 20
odyssey quadrant double-wall rim with 14
g spokes and brass nipples and that's a
bsd hub yarn and a spot a camera peg
I'm running Black Label petals and
profile cranks with titanium spindle
snafu ola 25t sprocket kmc k 7 10 SL
chain on this is a shadow slimmer seat
put a Sputnik pivotal post another kg
street tire in the back my back wheel is
the Sputnik r you on cassette hub with a
holocomm only axle on a 91 piece driver
with 6 Paul engagement lace to a primo
hula hoop triple wall room with um 14 he
spoke some brass nipples and that's a
spotter camera peg and fbm help guard
and yeah I think that's it all stolen
revolver made bottom bracket my frame is
the spotnicks face cover frame with a
heat-treated integrated head to drill
for gyro tabs topping down to gesetz
that will put it down to he treated
grind able design mid bottom bracket
shells and go bodensee tube externally
brought it in tapered seat stays he
treated 14 millimeter dropouts for
better five millimeters thick and it a
welded clamp to and my bike is 23 pounds
4 ounces